you
good morning
Gemma 30 the noble cause of making India
cavity free by 2020 it's a very major
event camp campaigning and a task few
weeks back when I had started this
campaigning when I had taken this
project to make India cavity free not
only Mumbai but the entire India it
sounded very difficult but with the
blessings of Radha guruma when we had
started just few weeks back and today if
I count I had nearly completed 7350
nearly three seven thousand 350 checkups
we had already done today where we are
sitting as a Mary Immaculate school and
here also we had completed around say
500 checkups till now and we are really
grateful to the entire oedema family the
team for giving us the opportunity to
make her dream come true thank you very
much
so much information so that you have
good set of
thank specially the organization Radek
guru maha for organizing this camp thank
you